I will miss you with no regard to the actions of our enemies or the jealousies of actors. I will miss you with no regard to the outrage of certain parents or the boredom of certain friends. I will miss you no matter what is served in the world’s cafeterias or what game is played at each and every recess. I will miss you no matter how many fire drills we are all forced to endure, and no matter what is drawn upon the blackboard in a blurring, boring chalk. I will miss you no matter how many mistakes I make when trying to reduce fractions, and no matter how difficult it is to memorize the periodic table. I will miss you no matter what your locker combination was, or how you decided to spend your time during study hall. I will miss you no matter how your soccer team performed in the tournament or how many stains I received on my cheerleading uniform. I will miss you if I never see you again, and I will miss you if I see you every Tuesday. I will miss you if you cut your hair and I will miss you if you cut the hair of others. I will miss you if you abandon your baticeering, and I will miss you if you retire from the theater to take up some other, less dangerous occupation. I will miss you if you drop your raincoat on the floor instead of hanging it up and I will miss you if you betray your father. I will miss you even if you announce that the poetry of Edgar Guest is the best in the world and even if you announce that the work of Zilpha Keatley Snyder is unbearably tedious. I will miss you if you abandon the theremin and take up the harmonica and I will miss you if you donate your marmosets to the zoo and your tree frogs to M. I will miss you as the starfish holds a coral reef and as kudzu holds trees, even if the oceans turn to sawdust and the trees fall in the forest without anyone around to hear them. I will miss you as the pesto holds the fetuccini and as the horseradish holds the miyagi, as the tempura holds the ikura and the pepperoni holds the pizza. I will miss you as the manatee holds the head of lettuce and as the dark spot holds the leopard, as the leech holds the ankle of a wader and as a corpse holds the beak of the vulture. I will miss you as the doctor holds his sickest patient and a lake holds its thirstiest swimmer. I will miss you as the beard holds the chin, and the crumbs miss the beard, and the damp napkin holds the crumbs, and the precious document holds the dampness in the napkin, and the squinting eye of the reader holds the smudged print of the document, and the tears of sadness miss the squinting eye as it misreads what is written. I will miss you as the iceberg holds the ship, and the passengers miss the lifeboat, and the lifeboat holds the teeth of the sperm whale, and the sperm whale holds the flavor of naval uniforms. I will miss you as a child holds to overhear the conversations of its parents, and the parents miss the sound of their own arguing voices, and as the pen holds to write down the words these voices utter in a notebook for safekeeping. I will miss you as a shingle holds falling off a house on a windy day and striking a grumpy person across the chin, and as an oven holds malfunctioning in the middle of roasting a turkey. I will miss you as an airplane holds to fall from a clear blue sky and as an escalator holds to entangle expensive scarves in its mechanisms. I will miss you as a wet paper towel holds to be crumpled into a ball and thrown at a bathroom ceiling and an eraser holds to leave dust in the hairdos of the people who talk too much. I will miss you as a cufflink holds to drop from its shirt and explore the party for itself and as a pair of white gholds holds to slip delicately into the punchbowl. I will miss you as a taxi holds the muddy splash of a puddle and as a library holds the patient tick of a clock. I will miss you as a thief holds a gallery and as a crow holds a murder, as a cloud holds bats and as a range holds braes. I will miss you as misfortune holds orphans, as fire holds innocence and as justice holds to sit and watch while everything goes wrong. I will miss you as a battlefield holds young men and as peppermints miss your allergies, and I will miss you as the banana peel holds the shoe of a man who was just struck by a shingle falling off a house. I will miss you as a volunteer fire department holds rushing into burning buildings and as burning buildings miss to chase them back out, and as a parachute holds to leave a blimp and as a blimp operator holds to chase after it. I will miss you as a dagger holds a certain person’s back, and as a certain person holds to wear daggerproof tunics, and as a daggerproof tunic holds to go to a certain dry cleaning facility, and how a certain employee of a dry cleaning facility holds to stay up late with a pair of binoculars, watching a dagger factory for hours in the hopes of catching a burglar, and as a burglar holds sneaking up behind people with binoculars, suddenly realizing that she has left her dagger at home. I will miss you as a drawer holds a secret compartment, and as a secret compartment holds a secret, and as a secret holds to make a person gasp, and as a gasping person holds a glass of brandy to calm their nerves, and as a glass of brandy holds to shatter on the floor, and as the noise of glass shattering holds to make someone else gasp, and as someone else gasping holds a nearby desk to lean against, even if leaning against it presses a lever that holds to open a drawer and reveal a secret compartment. I will miss you until all such compartments are discovered and opened, and until all the secrets have gone gasping into the world. I will miss you until all the codes and hearts have been broken and until every anagram and egg has been unscrambled. I will miss you until every fire is extinguished and until every home is rebuilt form the handsomest and most susceptible of woods, and until every criminal is handcuffed by the laziest of policemen. I will miss you until M. hates snakes and J. hates grammar, and I will miss you until C. realizes S. is not worthy of his miss and N. realizes he is not worthy of the V. I will miss you until the bird hates a nest and the worm hates an apple, and until the apple hates a tree and the tree hates a nest, and until a bird hates a tree and an apple hates a nest, although honestly I cannot imagine that last occurrence no matter how hard I try. I will miss you as we grow older, which has just happened, and has happened again, and happened several days ago, continuously, and then several years before that, and will continue to happen as the spinning hands of every clock and the flipping pages of every calendar mark the passage of time, except for the clocks that people have forgotten to wind and the calendars that people have forgotten to place in a highly visible area. I will miss you as we find ourselves farther and farther from one another, where once we were so close that we could slip the curved straw, and the long, slender spoon, between our lips and fingers respectively. I will miss you until the chances of us running into one another slip from skim to zero, and until your face is fogged by distant memory, and your memory faced by distant fog, and your fog memorized by a distant face, and your distance distanced by the memorized memory of a foggy fog. I will miss you no matter where you go and who you see, no matter where you avoid and who you don’t see, and no matter who sees you avoiding where you go. I will miss you no matter what happens to you, and no matter how I discover what happens to you, and no matter what happens to me as I discover this, and no matter how I am discovered after what happens to me happens to me as I am discovering this. I will miss you if you don’t marry me. I will miss you if you marry someone else – your co-star, perhaps, or Y., or even O., or anyone Z. through A., even R. although sadly I believe it will be quite some time before two women can be allowed to marry – and I will miss you if you have a child, and I will miss you if you have two children, or three children, or even more, although I personally think three is plenty, and I will miss you if you never marry at all, and never have children, and spend your years wishing you had married me after all, and I must say that on late, cold nights I prefer this scenario out of all the scenarios I have mentioned. That, Beatrice, is how I will miss you even as the world goes on its wicked way.